This database created for my cw2(WEB) and here u can add student, delete him, view information about him and also edit smth new and search by name and last name.For this project i used:Node.js , bootstrap(css styles) and hbs.
For running app u should download Xampp. XAMPP - Easy installation of the Apache distribution, downloads of MariaDB, PHP and Perl.Node.js.  
To initialise a new Node.js project all you have to do is to create a new project folder “students database” and then run the Command line or PowerShell in the same directory. Once you do that to initialise a new project simply put the following command:npm init after this leaving node_modules, readme.md, package-lock and package-json as that should have been automatically generated by now.This will initialise a new project for you and it’s going to ask you a few questions about your project. The most important one is to give your package a name and then you can just keep pressing enter until the installation is over.Let’s do that by opening the terminal / powershell and install the dependencies by typing the following command:
npm install express dotenv express-handlebars body-parser mysql and To start our application  simply type the following command in the command line:npm start
Let’s now create our application file. This file will be called app.js and it will sit in the root of our website.In this file, we need to do a couple of things. We need to require some of the dependencies that we will be working with and we also need to set up our server.
To render our pages we are using express-handlebars and for the layout, we will be using Bootstrap 
Server Create a .env file and add database. Also we creared other folders and files.
For running and connection db we should:
Run Xampp: click to start apache and mysql and click to config(mysql) and click to my.ini use ctrl+f and find #skip-federated u should write skip-grant-tables=TRUE  under the  #skip-federated and save it and reopen xampp, start mysql and apache and open vs studio and write in the browser localhost:3000
Open browser and write http://localhost/phpmyadmin/  on the left side u should click on create db  and create db which calls 	'studentsdatabase'  choose latin1_swedish_ci	and press on create .Name of database should be 'student' and number of colums 7
after that  write where: Name                Type                Length/Values    Default         Null Index         A_I
                         id                 int                                                   Primary       press to square
                         first_name         varchar                45
                         last_name          varchar                45 
                         email              varchar                45 
                         phone              varchar                45
                         comments           text 
                         status             varchar                10             as defined
                                                                           write  active
 after that just save all this things and go to  localhost:3000 and u can create delete and edit anything what u want